Eidyzhang-FounderCEO-
=====================

The World No.1 Girl :Eidyzhang The World No.1 Internet Girl :Eidyzhang  AOOOiA.global Founder :Eidyzhang AOOOiA global CEO:Eidyzhang  Be.Time+Cr.Idear's innovative ideas. Global design needs new concept and innovative ideas; the new era under the mode of Internet innovation. To unveil a new Internet creative change. This is the global Internet needs; Addie has a BeTime+Cr.Idea innovative ideas; BetimeTime TimeLine creative. Give an example. The human from the 2000 ~2010 2010~2020 2020~2030 2030~2040every year is a TimeBeTimeLine. is for each year of the innovation is different and new; creative Cr.Idea along with OneYear By One Year time evolution and evolution; when we collected in different creative style. Can find; human society. Not only is BeTime progress. Our creative Cr.Idea also isIn constant progress and evolution of.2000 years the Internet seems to be the only black and white. But the Internet 2010 seemed to come alive again; this is the Internet. Internet creative Cr.Idea progress; AOOOiA.global will lead the global creative entered into each BeTime Cr.Idea evolution;Eidyzhang AOOOiA.global..Share The Future and the world to share the future; Share The Creat World; and every kind of creativity will throughout the world; the more modern frenzy. Enrich lifestyle. It seems some people had lost to the creativity and Inspiration of truth. This Time appeared differentInnovative tools; but more and more people are concerned. In the hobby. The choice. In the creation of the ArtCreatWorld our inspiration from time Time.Nature. From the vision from the color from the journal. From the user needs. From the customer's position and product; no matter how the time evolution and progress; people's creative inspiration is still derived from global life square the people; only time progress. The times are different. And we live. We need to happen change; but our life creativity will also with our demand evolution had occurred; anyone can not be denied that the time is going ahead. Then weThe idea is to change with time decay; like the black-and-white world. More rich and colorful world. Our AOOOiA.global will give the future;The world sharing ideas and bring more BeTime CrCreat.; and you share ideas. We make the world better.Eidyzhang. We think. Creative evolutionary time axis will have different nodes. Each node between each time Tims> is creative pop period; for example the.ABC time point distance.AB between the colour black and white creative pop time.BC between nodes are popular color creative node; we also think.CD time point between creative node?Will be our mankind to create synthetic color creative node or will we come very naturally into the new creative worlds;Our AOOOiA.global is global creative Mecca and heaven; let you feel creative brings to our lives change and beautiful;The world's most cutting-edge world of creativity. The birthplace and creativity; we are proud to serve the world. We crazy; creativity is not only a kind of idea; weWill give it more performance and show of force; through our creativity. Allows you to more easily. More easily understand the world and entered the world; give you more brilliant; let us from a different perspective to the interpretation. To understand to extend to analysis; creative power is the great creative changed us life world; let our lives become alive; AOOOiA.globl will always give you surprise. Always delivered to your life service; for you we will consider more future we will do betterBecause we are so creative everywhere;
